hey guys nerf nerf gun reviewer 3 3 1
it's easy to know who it is because what
else has three three one at the end of
the end of the channel name of course
twin swords 331 anyway I'm gonna do
another nerf review but this time it's
gonna be individual nerf guns not not
all of them at once just not like the
other channel I have which which I do
have now this is also going to be also a
little bit of an update on the nerf as
you say I'm gonna do the long straight
the long strike CS - 6 for n strike I
think made by nerve not by me of course
I can't make something that's good
alright also basically it's not very
that hard to configure or how to build
it instructions are very easy to follow
which what would what was very
interesting to me before I put this
thing on which is very hard to take off
or better yet impossible to take off it
looked it looked like a like a really
cool pistol but when you add the tripod
to it or know anything you know what is
it called I'm just gonna say the arm
thing
yeah the arm the the two clip holders
that's also very interesting better than
the lungs lungs the lungs I get a long
shot this gun would will be even better
than the pistol would still to make it
to make things better for a long strike
this thing it looks like the end of a
sniper rifle
we've probably seen like called duty ER
or a modern warfare or whatever it's a
very interesting gun and I really really
like it's pretty interesting
well it's this this thing here I think
it's the scope it's pretty simple really
they're like different they're like
different modes I just discovered you
have this right there the hole and this
you got this basically you're trying to
aim and then there's this basically the
same thing I thought that was very
interesting it's probably not a part of
it but but it's just very interesting
now I just think and hold three clips
one two to use for thread like ammo and
everything and two for holding also I'm
gonna be ranking the nerf guns by from
one to ten once once the poorest and
most just disgusting nerf gun to mankind
and ten is like the the heavens the
heavens gun of heaven thing anyway it's
the same pull back mechanism as the long
long shot it has this this door here for
unjammed things I think the long strike
also has the long shot along the front
sorry
also the Raider hats as well now if you
put these things together it will look
like an awesome sorry for the cursing
badass long shot
cyber rifle thing really really cool
thing it's pretty good actually I will
have to give it a I would have to give
it about oh this is hard by 9 or 8 out
of 10 stars yeah it's very good what
else really what what I the problem is
like I didn't really have many problems
with this it's not that heavy
it's very good
the clip is small but you can actually
from the Stampede you gonna actually add
clip to that I think and make it longer
and better also I forgot to mention
there is a if you don't want to use the
scope just use this then same thing oh
one last thing I will be doing shoutouts
I will do anything you guys okay take
out that last part I'll do shoutouts
things like that I'll just subs for subs
not box for box though I don't even know
what that is well anyways you enjoyed
the video
good bye